apple banana banana banana mango apple banana mango apple orange 
apple banana apple mango mango banana apple apple orange mango 
apple mango apple apple orange banana orange orange apple banana 
orange apple orange orange apple mango apple apple banana mango 
mango banana banana orange mango apple orange orange apple orange 
banana mango apple orange apple apple apple banana mango mango 
mango banana orange apple apple banana apple orange apple banana 
mango orange apple orange mango banana banana orange orange mango 
banana mango apple apple banana orange apple orange apple orange 
banana apple banana banana banana apple mango mango apple apple 
banana mango orange banana mango orange mango orange orange banana 
apple apple mango orange apple banana mango orange orange orange 
mango mango apple apple banana orange orange banana apple orange 
orange mango apple banana banana orange mango mango banana banana 
apple apple orange mango banana mango banana mango mango mango 
apple banana apple mango banana orange banana orange mango apple 
apple orange banana orange mango mango mango orange mango apple 
banana apple mango mango banana banana mango banana apple apple 
mango banana mango banana mango banana orange banana apple banana 
apple banana mango apple orange orange orange apple banana mango 
apple banana orange orange apple mango apple apple mango orange 
orange orange mango orange apple apple orange apple orange orange 
mango apple orange apple mango mango orange orange apple apple 
mango orange orange mango banana orange banana apple banana mango 
orange banana mango banana orange mango mango apple banana orange 
mango banana orange orange mango mango apple orange mango apple 
orange banana orange orange apple orange apple mango mango mango 
mango banana banana banana mango banana orange mango mango mango 
mango mango banana banana apple apple mango mango apple mango 
banana mango apple mango banana apple apple banana orange orange 
orange orange banana orange banana apple orange apple banana apple 
orange mango banana orange banana apple apple apple mango apple 
banana apple apple mango mango apple mango orange banana banana 
banana orange banana apple mango apple orange orange apple orange 
orange mango banana orange banana orange mango orange orange apple 
apple banana apple mango mango orange mango mango apple mango 
mango mango apple apple banana banana orange apple orange orange 
apple orange banana banana apple mango banana banana orange mango 
banana mango orange banana apple orange mango orange banana banana 
mango orange apple banana orange banana mango orange banana mango 
orange mango orange banana orange banana mango mango banana apple 
mango mango apple apple apple mango banana banana orange banana 
apple mango banana apple apple orange orange apple banana orange 
mango banana apple orange banana mango orange orange orange banana 
banana mango banana orange mango mango orange mango banana banana 
mango apple apple mango apple mango orange apple banana banana 
banana banana orange mango apple mango mango orange mango apple 
mango orange mango mango mango banana apple banana mango orange 
orange mango banana apple orange apple apple apple apple mango 
orange banana orange apple apple orange orange mango apple banana 
apple banana mango banana banana apple apple mango mango apple 
mango banana banana banana orange apple banana banana apple orange 
apple orange apple mango orange banana orange banana apple banana 
banana orange banana orange mango mango banana apple mango mango 
orange apple mango apple apple apple apple orange banana apple 
apple mango apple orange mango banana orange orange banana banana 
banana orange apple orange apple banana mango banana orange apple 
orange apple apple mango banana banana apple apple banana banana 
orange apple mango apple banana mango apple orange apple mango 
banana mango orange mango apple mango banana orange banana banana 
banana apple banana orange orange banana orange orange banana orange 
mango apple mango mango orange apple orange orange apple banana 
orange orange mango mango orange banana banana apple mango apple 
mango apple apple banana apple mango banana orange banana mango 
mango mango orange mango orange banana mango mango mango apple 
mango banana mango orange banana orange orange mango orange banana 
orange mango apple orange banana mango banana orange banana orange 
orange apple apple mango banana apple apple mango banana banana 
banana orange banana mango banana banana apple apple banana apple 
orange mango orange apple banana apple apple banana mango apple 
mango banana banana apple banana apple orange apple apple orange 
banana orange orange mango mango mango apple apple orange banana 
mango mango apple orange banana mango orange banana apple mango 
banana banana apple orange banana mango orange banana apple banana 
apple apple mango mango banana apple mango apple orange banana 
banana orange mango mango orange mango orange mango orange orange 
apple apple mango orange banana orange orange orange mango orange 
mango apple orange orange mango apple orange apple orange banana 
orange banana mango orange orange apple banana orange banana apple 
banana banana apple orange mango mango banana banana orange orange 
mango mango orange mango mango orange banana banana mango apple 
orange orange mango banana apple orange banana banana orange mango 
orange orange mango orange mango banana mango mango orange apple 
apple orange mango mango apple banana mango orange mango apple 
orange banana banana banana orange banana apple mango orange orange 
banana apple mango banana orange banana banana mango mango orange 
apple apple apple mango mango banana apple banana orange mango 
apple orange orange orange banana mango apple orange orange banana 
apple orange apple mango apple orange apple banana apple apple 
mango banana orange orange orange orange banana banana apple mango 
apple mango banana banana apple apple orange mango banana banana 
apple apple apple banana orange orange apple apple mango orange 
mango mango apple banana apple apple apple apple banana mango 
banana banana apple apple banana banana banana apple orange apple 
apple apple orange apple mango apple orange mango apple mango 
banana mango apple orange banana apple mango orange banana apple 
mango mango mango apple orange apple banana mango mango mango 
banana banana orange mango mango apple mango orange apple banana 
mango banana apple banana mango apple orange orange apple orange 
